[chores] Publish images to Docker Hub and README update #244 (#245)
openwisp/docker-openwisp: README.md

\* Roughly the same features would be available but it's not an exact one-to-one mapping.

The images are hosted on [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/u/openwisp)

> and [GitLab Container Registry](https://gitlab.com/openwisp/docker-openwisp/container_registry).

Reviewer: Let's explain the tags we use.

\* Roughly the same features would be available but it's not an exact one-to-one mapping.

The images are hosted on [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/u/openwisp)
and [GitLab Container Registry](https://gitlab.com/openwisp/docker-openwisp/container_registry).

### Image Tags

All images are tagged using the following convention:

|  Tag   | Software Version                              |
| ------ |---------------------------------------------- |

> | latest | Images built on the **latest stable** version |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| latest | Images built on the **latest git tag** |
```

| edge   | Images built on the **current master branch** |

## Architecture

> An OpenWISP service contains multiple components (e.g. controller,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A typical OpenWISP installation is made of multiple components (e.g. application servers,
```

> reverse proxy, database, messaging queue, etc. ) that have different

Reviewer: ```suggestion
reverse proxy, database, messaging queue, etc.) that have different
```

> reverse proxy, database, messaging queue, etc. ) that have different

Reviewer: web server, background workers and VPN tunnels are not mentioned

> scaling requirements. Docker OpenWISP is built to facilitate this
> requirement and allow horizontal scaling on-the-fly. Therefore,
> separate Docker images for individual logical components of OpenWISP
> has been created.
> 
> Docker OpenWISP **IS NOT** a single container project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
scaling requirements.

The aim of Docker OpenWISP is to allow deploying
OpenWISP in cloud based environments which
allow potentially infinite horizontal scaling.
That is the reason for which there are different
docker images shipped in this repository.
```
